## Agenda for the April 9th video call

- **Where**: hangouts
- **When**: April 9th, 15:00 - 16:00 UTC
- **Location**: *link on calendar invite*

## Logistics

The meeting will be on a google hangouts video conference.

## Agenda items

## Meeting Notes

*   Goal: Common approach for signing in the Wasm ecosystem
    *   Signing OCI artifact
    *   Adding signature in the module itself
*   Sigstore’s aim is to make it easier for devs to sign and verify
*   How do we go forward with setting the right specification?

[intros] 

*   [WAPM](https://wapm.io/) signing uses minisign
*   Wasmer runtime has some use-case for signature part
*   Wasme CLI (WebAssemblyHub) uses OCI format

Implementation & Specification

*   Current status on signing (modules):
    *   There is nothing official, wasmsign adds a custom section with ecdsa signature.
    *   Need a clear idea of what people need to do (different embedded information, different algs, needs)
    *   There was attempt to standardize as part of WebAssembly CG
    *   Would need to standardize in WASI, probably wouldn’t be part of core spec
*   Probably need both Custom section + WAPM package signing + OCI format
    *   complementary methods, verification at fetch and load
*   Signing definitely needs at several levels (packages, Wasm files).
    *   Linking them. Current spec has some spec on linking, not too widely used, and things will change.
    *   Streaming compilation and execution: a large Wasm file (e.g. 80 MB) can be used in some applications and streaming execution won’t work if we need to check signature of whole file
*   Signatures per function (minimal compilation units) or some manifest that signs bytecode per function, bytecode per section) 
*   Nothing can start until the whole module is validated (have running checksum at streaming)
*   Issues with custom section signing:
    *   custom sections was introduced for extensibility
    *   as soon as we agree on name, versioning, de-facto standard of signing modules, no technical issues
*   Can add sections in different places
*   Data section: shared library could link with ability to check signature 
*   Streaming may require signature up front (unless everything computes checksum)
*   Layered sigs: Existing signatures on original bytecode, then have precompiled may or may not be loaded depending on verifying
*   Project Oak signature use cases and requirement (multiple sigs, each signature represents a different property)
*   When/why are multiple signatures used?
*   Verification on each function/compilation unit in practical use cases?
*   pre-compiled sections:
    *   original signature would only work on the original code
*   Maybe placement of signatures can have different semantics?
    *   structure of signature may change depending on placement of signature (end may be over whole module), beginning may contain manifest with details of function level)
    *   Placement may not matter, signature placeholder can be anywhere
    *   Placement at start may be beneficial
*   Linking separate modules may not need access to the modules (it could be the engine’s responsibility to check signature and allow/disallow linking)
*   If a signature represents a level trust, it may or may not allow linking to a lower level of trust.
    *   Licensing use-cases
    *   Related to project oak cases -- information can’t flow “upstream” to trust-level
*   Second State (blockchain): 
    *   Relay provider is the mitm to the devs deploying Wasm to the network
    *   Currently the node runtime/validator will verify the transaction signature, not the data itself
    *   Can use external signature file or put signature in the custom section
    *   Second case: create OCI image with Wasm file only, we prefer to put the sig inside the file.
    *   Use EdDSA with SHA-3
*   Blockchain ecosystem: polkadot, [https://cosmos.network/](https://cosmos.network/), [ewasm](https://ewasm.readthedocs.io/en/mkdocs/) 
*   In any case we will support multiple schemes and have an algorithm identifier
*   Compartmentalize section signing:
    *   Can the Wasm module be modified without breaking the signature?
    *   Signed module with debug data, how do I remove the debug data and leave the whole thing in touch?
*   If the runtime is configured with a public key, it will know it needs to verify and calculate digest. (missing sig == untrusted)

Requirements:

*   Multiple signature support that can sign for different “trust/licensing” levels
*   Signatures that sign separate sections (additional custom sections, debug data) of the module 
*   Support multiple signature algorithms
*   Support streaming compilation