## Agenda for the May 7th video call

- **Where**: hangouts
- **When**: April 9th, 15:00 - 16:00 UTC
- **Location**: *link on calendar invite*

## Logistics

The meeting will be on a google hangouts video conference.

## Agenda items
* Finalize policy before CG video call on 05/11
* Discuss who can be at the CG call
* If so, submit agenda item PR at https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/blob/master/main/2021/CG-05-11.md

## Meeting Notes


### Logistics
*   Meeting minutes will be moving to the [repo](https://github.com/wasm-signatures/design) 
*   Shareable calendar [https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18wbjVqN3I3MWJqY2ZsMWljdWtxNjVrZzZia0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=Y18wbjVqN3I3MWJqY2ZsMWljdWtxNjVrZzZia0Bncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t)
*   Finalize policy before CG video call on 05/25 (4pm-5pm UTC)
    *   [https://github.com/wasm-signatures/design#webassembly-signatures](https://github.com/wasm-signatures/design#webassembly-signatures) 
    *   TODO: Add a presentation to the repo about goals, concrete use-cases, sketches of design
*   Who can be at the CG call
    *   Asra
    *   Frank 
    *   Piotr 
    *   Luke Wagner
    *   &lt;definitely more if you can!>
*   Sign up for W3C for participation
    *   [https://webassembly.org/community/contributing/](https://webassembly.org/community/contributing/)
    *   [https://www.w3.org/community/webassembly/](https://www.w3.org/community/webassembly/)
*  TODO: submit agenda item PR at [https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/blob/master/main/2021/CG-05-25.md](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/blob/master/main/2021/CG-05-25.md) 

### Design discussion:

*   Current proposal has a rolling hash, which doesn’t work if we have unsigned (or signed by different parties) sections in the middle of a module (also doesn’t support reordering)
    *   Both can be supported if we compute different hashes for each section
*   Use case for unsigned sections:
    *   Stripping debug info -- maybe only custom sections?
    *   We still want custom sections to be signed
*   Option C and D allow for removing parts
*   Do we all agree that nothing should be unsigned?
    *   No real need
*   Signature format:
    *   list of hashes, concatenation would be signed
    *   but if we are parting signatures, a verifier will need to check that every section has been covered
*   Another meeting: talk/advertise about a demo
*   Detached signatures:
    *   Will the signature remain valid if they are not attached
*   Certain sections don’t need to be ordered, a tool could read and write and reorder
    *   In principal, reordering is “changing” the module, so sigs might not remain valid
*   Start of module may need metadata (version, hash algorithm, (possibly sections?)
    *   Unless you have a fixed hash algorithm and spec that never changes (or provide that info with the public key)
*   Signature section needs structured data (TODO add to repo)
    *   Could be JSON (no runtimes need JSON, but all know how to parse CustomSections)
    *   Mirror the [name section](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/appendix/custom.html#name-section) 
    *   [https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/values.html](https://webassembly.github.io/spec/core/binary/values.html)
*   ** Please reach out to people to add use-cases!**
